# Agile-Group-Project
Agile Group Project  Design The project focuses on the following aspects:  
Users: Users come in 3 roles: normal users, moderators, and admins. Normal users can only create new comments, and edit the their own comments. 
Moderators have the added ability to delete comments (to remove trolls), while admins have the ability to edit or delete any comment. 
Users can log in and out, and we track when they last logged in Comments: Comments are simply a message, a timestamp, and the author. 
Comments can also be a reply, so we'll store what the parent comment was.  NOTE: User Users can be logged in and out. 
Users can only edit their own comments Users cannot delete any comments Moderator is a User Moderators can only edit their own comments 
Moderators can delete any comments Admin is both a User and a Moderator Admins can edit any comments Admins can delete any comments Comments contain a reference to the User who created it (author)    Your Challenge In your groups, create a command line program using python 3 that implements the functionality mentioned above.    DELIVERABLES: Update our shared spreadsheet with the following deliverables by Friday, 1st June, 11:00 am. Link to your team’s Pivotal Tracker board showing tasks, owners and priorities, including what has been completed and what remains in the backlog. Link to your team’s shared Github repo with the integrated solution developed by the team. Write what your key contributions to the project were (what you worked on) next to your name in one of the available slots assigned to your team in the spreadsheet (in the Individual Contributions section). *Optional*: Link to demo 
